Doc 3961 secret setting info (#414)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/data-pipelines/data-pipelines.md

## The `config.yaml` file

Here is an example of a `config.yaml` file. Note that the values of the
form "`${name}`" refer to environment variables that are set elsewhere. In particular,
you should normally use environment variables as shown to set the source

> username and password rather than storing them in the clear in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
username and password rather than storing them in plain text in this
```
